You say individual possesses distinct boundaries:

1. physical - the energy and momentum flows through each body and doesn't distinct parts of one body with parts of the other body or with the body that doesn't have any local position. The relativistic effects clearly show that the object can move only with the speed of light - either in space or in time - meaning in pattern-wise direction of the observers process. The mass can convert to energy and vice versa - so there are no such things as things separate from their motion.
2. mental, and emotional - you think that there is distinct mental properties that define identities - but who decided that _you_ exist? Did _you_ chose that and _you_ existed before the notion of _you_? This question does not have sense. Or maybe, after all the notion of _you_ came from the unintelligible force outside the concept of you, concept of boundaries, concept of choice? This force, this will decides whether there will be _you_ or won't, you were and will be mental part of it.

3. You say: Individuals rely on a sense of “I” versus “other” as the foundation for their existence. Yes! And these are vivid semantic images of being. It is true that "I" implies "other" and vice versa. But there is a catch: if we try to grasp what "I" really is, it slips away in the ever-changing nature of reality. There are no constants that can be experienced independently of motion, hence there are no objects, no things, there are only nouns, the way of saying. I don't argue, that there are no parts of experience, only that those parts are inseparate from each other. All small parts contain the whole within. If I speak English - there was history of England, presence of life, emergence of heavy elements in supernovas, etc. The world is holographic. When you split something in half, you still get the whole picture, just not very sharp.
4. You say: If you strike a match, it ignites. But what really comes after another? If I am striking the match right now - there is always a chance of a failure - because the future a priori uncertain. But if I am watching match burning - I know for sure, that strike happened. The cause and effect are called "material implication" in logic and the cause is clearly _now_ while the effect is in the past. So the infinite and inherently unintelligible future implies this moment and affecting reality the same as the past.
5. You say: Love, tension, understanding—all relationships depend on differentiation. This is simply not true, when one so immersed in love - there are bright images of bliss and comfort, so strong, that the concepts of boundaries and thoughts are disappearing from the experience. Think of it like special type of sense: like there is sense of sight, there is a sense of meaning and semantics - the writing on the wall is completely different depending on whether you understand what the writing means, so all these concepts and truths are as ever-changing as anything else.
6. You say there is distinctness of trees from the forest, rivers in the ocean, and stars in the cosmos. Distinctness of trees?! The tree is a construct that doesn't even reflect the entity of organism, that lives in it. The 90% of the tree is not alive product of the organism, that lives in cambium. If you connect two trees with each other, what really happens? Both trees cease to exist and new tree emerges or one of the tree is arbitrarily _loses_ in its right to exist? The same with the river - what happens if 2 rivers connect? Which one flows into another is completely random. You rather need to accept that the concepts of selves are total absurd and accidental or understand, that there are no selves as independent things. Stars in the cosmos are distinct, this is true, but not the forces, that govern their evolution. And what is the image of a star without the human mind, that gives the star its color?

You say that the concept of separate selves is useful, but what does it mean "useful"? I define, that usefulness is the image of
experience, that binds events in time related to the self-producing entity, trying to maintain its structure, therefore useful  
is whatever helps this entity's pattern in experience to persist. But there is no other way in this world to persist, rather  
than to connect with others, to integrate the information between entities at such level, that the death of one individual  
doesn't break the pattern. To persist one must become larger than it was moment ago. There is no choice to perish, to not exist.
Non-being is often portraited as some positive nothing - the dark silent eternal ocean in which human consciousness flows after
death. But this is nonsense. The blind people for example don't understand the concept of dark. And the eternal nothing doesn't
make sense - in order for time to exist, there must be distinct moments. If someone thinks, that his identity is useful and  
repels the process of unification and information integration - they will become just an event in history viewed from the  
perspective of unifying process.
